Information alone is not enough. We also need the meaning of that information.
There never was any funding for this program.
rhythm is just a keystroke away!... isn't that how you say it?
If I had a nickel every time I rewrote this program, I'd probably be rich.
Also check out Pulsus!
Who knows what else this 16 year old frenchman is capable of
{bottom_text}
bottom text
30 key gaming
This bad boy can fit so much polyrhythm
Unsure if you can play this from the TTY. I never tested.
To calibrate a song's offset, check out calibration.py.
What's wrong? Never used a command prompt before?
I don't use Arch, btw.
Minimum requirements: python, a terminal, and being able to play back audio.
i wonder how low we can push the minimum requirements
blessed is a fun package
We recommend you using Nerd Fonts.
Who cares about the mouse in a game where you only use the keyboard?
h
average qwerty fan vs average azerty enjoyer
if your layout isn't working, try changing/adding a layout file in /layout/.
Everything's editable[citation needed].
I wonder how much maps we can make using that.
god knew i'd be too powerful if i could set up a server
peak terminal gaming
You can also use hjkl to navigate in menus.
Feel free to contribute! (I don't bite)
Sorry if my code is messy qwq
hopefully the editor is usable
i never tried making a 30k pseudo and i think if i did my pc would combust
if you're running this with admin permissions, what is wrong with you???
You want a change of color? Check out your terminal emulator's settings.
If you don't have access to full color you're not missing out on much.
sha256 this, sha256 that, how about you sha256 deez nuts in yo m-
keep in mind you can also modify your options from the options.json file
imagine inverting early and late couldn't be me smh
now with text decos!
yes, there's an editor, y'all are blind.
originally planned to release it on 10/1/23 but i forgor + it wasn't complete
i need an install script or else im gonna die
#Guigui: ok so it's a terminal rhythm game you don't have to go that hard | NachoBIT: 🎹🔥
keyboard accuracy is bound to the framerate im too lazy to check key status on linux
added pause menu in editor so that non-vim users can get out
if you kill someone using the shellrhythm editor i am not responsible
yes, the # in #Guigui is pronounced as "Hashtag"
fuck the mouse, we don't need it here
trans rights
no sliders atm: too lazy to keep track of key presses
as long as you're not modding game.py you're fine for submitting scores
To change your hitsound locally, replace clap.wav. You can edit any file in ./assets/ btw.
hi, r/commandline!